hi guys this is a video tutorial on how
to play ps1 games on your PSP first off
what you want to do is open download a
game then extract it it should have an
image file then you open this program
it's called pop station GUI
just browse for the file but customize
the eboot to change the pictures that
appear then you can preview it when
you're done click go I already did it
you should have a folder with a file
called eboot dot P P P P P P ok copy
this to your PSP like so
connect your PSP go to PSP then game
just game and just copy it right there
there you go my have Pepsi Pepsi man ok
then close it kind of disconnect your SP
sir
now should be ready go to your memory
stick and there you go you have the game
I have like four games for my other when
you start it it should start normally I
can case one game and to change the
button configuration to play it just
click the home button the controller
settings there's four types and customer
I play with custom you can customize
your own buttons and you always want to
go to other settings and choose the
screen mode to full screen therefore
you'll have the best view reviewing of
the game ok thank you for watching rate
comment and subscribe